# CSC245-Project-2
This is a project for my CSC245 Secure Software Development Course. In this project, an insecure program has its vulnerabilities mitigated to make it secure. This program takes in a filename as a program argument and will print out the contents of the file if it is in the secured, whitelisted directory. The code that originally existed can be found in the CSC245_Project2_Original.java file under the CSC245-Project-2/src directories in the repository. Contained within this repository is also a bug analysis and mitigation report that details the various bugs that were identified, how they were mitigated and verified as so, and recommendations moving forwards. Contained as an appendix to the bug analysis and mitigation report is a series of bug reports for each bug found in the original code. The CSC245_Project2_BugReport.java file that is contained under the CSC245-Project-2/src directories in the repository represents the code after all bugs have been identified and documented both in code and in their various bug reports. The CSC245_Project2.java is located under the CSC245-Project-2/src directories in the repository represent the code after all mitigations have been applied to secure the program.
* CSC245-Project-2/src/CSC245_Project2_Original.java: Code pre-mitigation and pre-bug-report
* CSC245-Project-2/src/CSC245_Project2_BugReport.java: Code pre-mitigation and post-bug-report 
* CSC245-Project-2/src/CSC245_Project2.java: Code post-mitigation and post-bug-report 